We got till 11.
You just have to cut out my costs.
We can cut out.
We can also, you know, if you want to start over.
See, all I have to do is holler a big cuss word and you have to.
He doesn't call me.
Okay, George, I'll ask you first of all about your background, kind of how you grew up and what might have,
what was in your background that might lead you to write science fiction?
Since I know you write other things, we'll talk about that, but we'll concentrate on science fiction.
I don't know, you know, specifically where you look for, where you began, or anything like this.
I'd have to go with Tom Corbett's Space Cadet.
Six years old.
It was a Saturday morning show at the time.
You can now see it on night flight on cable and realize how bad it is.
But then it was just fascinating and they were they were showing on television the flash Gordon serials.
When I was a kid.
Comic books.
Movies.
And about the fifth grade, I realized through the junior high library that the things I'd been seeing visual.
They really were printed matter.
Also, the closest thing I had found to that beforehand was the Odyssey.
Which in the fourth grade, I had read about six times because it had, you know, all the neat creatures that Odysseus fought.
And I still want to need his books ever written.
But I think sort of the early media, early television led into finding written things in junior high and which were Heinlein juveniles.
I can't even think of the books that were put out then, but it would tend to be Heinlein juvenile type books.
And from that to the book club, science fiction book club to sitting there no longer eating lunch at school so I could save my money and hit the small East Texas town that I lived in.
Newstand every Tuesday and Thursday when the new books came in.
And from then, you know, I, I, why or when I made the decision to be a writer, I don't know.
It was sort of always there in the back of my mind.
First tried to write short stories in 69.
I just graduated from college, was working at a television station in Lubbock and was getting terribly bored with it.
And had not read science fiction all the time I was in college and had picked up Lord Light and Dune and read those.
And went, gee, there is something to this still.
And so I wrote about three short stories and was immediately rejected and completely forgot about it until I moved to Dallas and became a member of the Dallas Science Fiction Society.
And there met a couple of people were trying to write.
Steve Utley, Jake Buddy Saunders, Howard Waldrop read what they were writing and had sold their first stories and got very jealous and said, I can write as bad as this.
And in 72, summer of 72 decided I would write a short story month and made the first sale in September and the next short story sale in November.
And first ped name novel in January, February of the next year.
How long then did you continue having a real job before you decided to cut loose?
I don't like that. Writing is a real job. How long did I have a weekly paycheck coming in?
I quit. I was working for the Dallas Morning News, worked for them five years from 69 to 74, at which time my wife is through college, was a teacher.
And she's sort of talking and we had talked and her thing was, okay, why don't you try?
And I was making enough off the fiction writing at the time that we thought, well, it would be easy transition.
It wasn't, but it was in 74, August of 74 when I quit the news and went full time freelance writing.
Having been a reporter for five years, has that a good background for a writer?
Is the writing style just so different?
It took me about five years to realize how they both connected.
I would not say a journalistic background was necessary for writing fiction or even would help most people.
The greatest value and some people may feel this is an insult to journalism, but the greatest value I had was it taught me to do deadlines.
It taught me to write under pressure, taught me to turn out things very quickly when needed.
It also gave me a nice scope of reference in different parts of life that most people usually don't get into.
I was lucky and then I got to fill in.
I was a general reporter for about three years and I was more or less the fill in beat reporter for everybody when they went on vacation.
So I was suddenly running all the way from the county courthouse, the school board, city hall.
You get to, I got to get in and see a little bit and get a little feel at least.
But for the last few years I was with the morning news was county courthouse, which covered anything from the county politics to sheriff's office.
Which is a nice little basis for sort of seeing the structure of power.
Because most of my books tend to be about politics and power in a sort of a general sense.
They can't see you shaking your head on the radio.
There can't be much two way communication and then it's really bad on the telephone because then you can't...
So sometimes there's a real pregnant pause and then both of them start talking at the same time.
That's kind of interesting. That makes it hard.
The Asper transfer then was your first published science fiction novel.
When did you write it and how did that evolve?
This was based on a short story idea I had when I was in college that I had written part of.
And I had written the short story, shown it to some other writers and they went, oh, this is awful.
I'd sent out the short story and apparently the magazines felt the same way.
The ending I liked and I said, this is a nice ending.
So if it doesn't work as a short story, maybe I can put a novel around it.
And the novel sort of stemmed from about three years there of death penalty trials and very long sentence trials.
It was the criminal justice in thing at the time in Dallas to give these multiple thousand year prison terms.
And the whole thing sort of seemed ludicrous to me and I'm very much against the death penalty.
It just seems like a waste. There ought to be a way to do something about it instead of wasting human life.
And the whole thing sort of started as thinking, well, why not use a prison colony planet the way we settle parts of this country.
And that never really got into the Asper transfer, got into Shadow Man later.
But that's where the book sort of stemmed from was going to those trials.
And it also at that book point, I realized when I threw this is a Western and not a science fiction book.
And I think it was that book that I decided if I had a Western idea, it would be written as a Western and not a science fiction.
And the only time I would use science fiction as a tool is when it was there as a tool, you couldn't tell the story any other way.
Which led to the most recent book, which is enemies and is a Western.
And it could have been done as science fiction, but I think it's stronger doing it the way it was supposed to be done.
So you're saying that as I'm learning in this process, a lot of writers write in various genres, not just science fiction, but they'll write Western and Texas.
So you're saying they're not really that far apart. There are elements common to both. And sometimes you could swing either way.
Oh, definitely. I think the mistake is you get a lot of bad science fiction by people who should have written it as a war story, a mystery.
A romance or whatever they they're so hung up on science fiction is the only way to tell a story and it's not.
It's the only way to tell certain stories. And that's what I'd like or what I'd like to do is limit those certain stories for me to science fiction and not try to bring in stories that would be better told in another field.
It's a mystery, right? It is a mystery. If it's a Western writer's Western, it's probably be a stronger story than trying to make up a whole society, whole world to handle it when it already exists.
And then you can play with the characterization instead of having to make the background.
I'm glad you brought that up. One thing I got to ask you because I couldn't find any addiction. What's a punch at?
I know who I know who that's who.
So that was deliberate.
It was deliberate. It was a little bit of Tuckerism of using a friend's name for something. And that's what I did.
I had a fever, but when I couldn't find it anywhere else, well, maybe it's Italian or something.
I can't find it. I thought that.
Okay, I'll ask you to comment then.
Major books published the Esper transfer. What did you think of the cover and the promotion?
This was your first novel. I'm sure you're proud of it. Do you think they did it justice?
Probably, you know, in retrospect, it wasn't all that great of a novel. I'm not saying it's bad, but the more you write, hopefully the better you do.
And by the time that book came out, I had other projects.
So it's one of these strange things with me. The project's done. It's sold. I'm on 20 other things.
And the high for me is selling it, having it accepted. And I probably should pay more attention to promotion and so forth.
But it's hard to get excited about something that you wrote 18 months ago and you've had three other projects completed in that time.
And you're working on another one and that has your interest.
I heard Kurt Douglas say this and this is the only person I've ever heard say that.
That once you finish something and you're onto something else, it's hard to get back to where you were on that and really enjoy if there's any achievement there because you're working on something new.
And I was really surprised if you're somebody else say that because I never heard it before. But that's the way I am on it.
It's major books was a little known book company and the distribution on it was apparently atrocious.
Nobody read it. Nobody saw it. The cover was OK.
It sort of surprised me that the at least the creature they rode was what I had described.
There were no wing demons in it, but we're on the cover.
The surprising thing is the last copy I saw that sucker selling. I think it was a $1.75 book, $1.25. I can't remember.
I was going for five bucks and I was like, hey, wait a minute.
But it probably got what most first novels got, which was a little or nothing.
OK, Shadow Man was then the next science fiction book that came out.
It was also the first one I read before I met you in Love Book. I read it.
That's why I know that the G.O.W. Proctor had written.
The thing that I find interesting in your science fiction, you don't hit us in the face with the science fiction.
It's self-explanatory. The guy goes in and I wrote down the accelerated growth module and the talking caps.
It's mentioned offhand and you don't go into the professor so-and-so does go into two pages of lecture on what it is.
It's just self-explanatory. I think that's a talent that not every writer has.
There's not explanations in your books. I think they are much more interesting for that reason.
Good. So that's what I'm trying for.
So you consciously, this is something you consciously try to do. You know, use that lecture mode.
We have to hear how the hell the drive works.
Yeah, definitely. First of all, it's bad writing.
And I think more than that, it's bad reading. I notice that in other people's writing when they do it and you go, oh my God,
I'm fixing to have to listen to a chapter of why this planet is revolving the wrong way or why this drive works.
And it gets down to it. I drive a car. I have no idea how that car works.
I mean, I've got a general idea, but it's not something every time I get in the car and I turn it on and put my foot to the accelerator.
I think, well, the gas is going here and the spark plug is doing this and so forth.
And I think your future future characters that you set up are not going to do that.
They're going to hop on the bus. And if that bus is automated in some way, they're not going to even notice it.
And so you have to slip that in on the reader to I believe in introducing new phrases and then immediately explaining that phrase is by showing its function
or are trying to come up with the words to describe it in its title.
I think that's good. It doesn't slow the reader down at all.
And I've had non-science fiction readers going through my stuff and saying they were able to read it because of that.
One phrase that I put the quote, the yearly Psycho Profile exam to eliminate any social tendencies that might not be a bad idea.
I think it's anti-social tendencies, wasn't it?
Yeah, I was taken by that phrase. I thought that was pretty interesting.
Let's see. I also have written out here in the margin of Tommy John and the Carrie Ann as far as are these little inside jokes or is that just...
I'm a fan of Tommy John. He's a hell of a pitcher.
What's really funny is that probably one of the biggest Yankee fans I know read the book and never noticed it.
They used to call him the man with the bionic arm before the bionic thing was in.
And I just always been a Tommy John fan, so I named a spaceship after him.
Carrie Ann was a song I happened to like at one time.
I think everybody slips things like that in.
I won't say they're in jokes or anything, but they make it a little more enjoyable for the reader to catch something like that occasionally.
I have never seen any writer of any field that doesn't do stuff like that.
You can't help but do it.
Sneaker in there.
Okay.
For what it's worth, Shadow Man is a direct...
spin-off of what I was talking about the courthouse. That is your death penalty book.
This is an answer to the death penalty.
And I, the whole idea is getting back to, I think, what Gordy Dixon once said of setting up a utopia and then finding what's wrong with it.
And that's your story.
And this is where we had the planet colonized by hardened criminals with Ted.
One thing I call brain wipes and new personality implants.
And they were totally happy world until they realized what they had formerly been, or at least into one character hat.
And that did stem from all the death penalties of what you do with hardened criminals.
Well, find something you're wasting a lot of flesh that could be used for something else.
And got to the thing of good and evil at the end, which was a...
I don't know if it was that majorist to try and come up with something you do with hardened criminals and use them in some useful purpose.
Whether or not we'll ever have that capabilities or not is, you know, yet to be seen, but I thought it was interesting to play with.
So Shadow Man and the S4 transfer had the same root.
Yeah.
The psychic clue you were referring to.
Definitely.
The idea. Okay.
Okay.
I liked Fire at the Center.
And I was going to ask, first of all, was that your title in the second of all?
What does it refer to?
Because I missed it.
Fire at the Center is my title.
Surprised me that they kept it.
The reason they kept it is apparently fire is one of those buzzwords that sell books.
Lust in the dust.
Lust sells books.
So do fire.
So does cat.
Cat in the title sells books.
Pure Amid means fire at the center.
And the book is about pyramids.
And that's the normal question is fire at the center of what?
But that's what pyramid means is fire at the center.
And I do mention it in the book.
I usually read very carefully.
I'm still glad I asked.
I liked the thing I liked page one.
I checked it.
It's page one.
You say there's no time paradox because you can't alter the past.
And then you don't have to worry about that crap.
I get tired of the silverberg does at humor.
So I get tired of all this again, this endless lecturing on why there wouldn't be a time paradox.
You just said, let's get rid of it.
And you did.
That's what being God does.
And that's a basic thing.
A writer is you set up the science fiction you set up.
I guess the rules to this game.
Now the next book I write may have a paradox in it.
If I reuse time travel here, but you set up the rules to this game.
And if the reader can accept those rules, then the book, they can suspend their belief and read the book and enjoy it.
I find shadow man a much better book.
I think it has a little more depth to it.
It's got a lot better characters in it.
And the readers like fire at the center better, which shows that a writer usually doesn't know what the readers will consider the better book.
Okay, next question is the one I alluded to earlier.
You must have been infatuated.
I haven't infatuated under the lines of dinosaurs or maybe you still are because the trying to source wreck scenes were realistic and they seem to be lovingly done and careful.
They were.
They were done for my wife.
The original scene first 40 pages that book is a novel that I had written strictly for my wife.
It is a dinosaur collector.
They were written only for her though I tried to sell the stories again where I wrote a story in the short story would sell.
The novel in this case would sell.
So I put another story with it and just use that as an opening action adventure scene to meet the character gets the reader interested in the book.
But you know, that was written from a wife and my wife only.
And that a lot of people else, a lot of other people have enjoyed it means there's a lot of dinosaur fans around.
And everybody seemed to like the the Regina rather than the Rex at the end.
It hit me whenever I was reading it hit me.
It entered my mind that maybe that is a female, especially.
They almost got together.
Things kind of change.
But I like the little tail of the attention that you paid just to the crashing sounds and in the description of how it was wondering.
But it's really pretty pretty fast and the second teeth.
It's a chicken running.
Yeah, with a long tail out behind.
It's probably one of the most ungrateful things you can imagine.
And yet you think I think there's this a love affair with most people in science in science or most people in general with these gigantic creatures that disappeared from the earth and you're just too tempting not to go back and play with them somewhere.
And suddenly they were here and they're gone.
Well, they learned to hide in the trees.
They're still here.
Yeah, I was interested.
I got interested in seven and that had a lot of my daughter is six.
She's very interested in the nine.
I never brought them up.
Of course, my is a smaller.
I myself.
Look at it.
We have a we have a plegisaurus fin bone now.
Wow.
I mean, from one of their flippers, we have occasionally we go out and big rocks get fossils and so forth and somebody brought us.
A plegisaurus bone actually brought to my wife.
One of their little fin bones, which is bigger than your foot.
Bigger than my foot, which is awful large.
And people bring her dinosaurs everywhere.
Students that go over to Russia on summer trips and so forth will.
It's weird.
They'll bring her back these little ceramic dinosaurs.
They picked up at a museum somewhere or I'm wearing shirt that says, have you hugged your dinosaur today, which came from the Albuquerque Natural History Museum.
The person brought us back.
I think we gave up counting when she had some 700 something dinosaurs.
It shows the future that you portrayed for humans in this book was pretty grim.
The cabinites and the off-grenists of rigid authority versus maybe some kind of diversity.
First of all, is there any significance in the names, the cabinites?
No.
No, I found out the main character.
There's Nils Kenler.
And this is something I didn't know.
And I named the group the loft granness or the loft grant.
And I got a couple of letters saying, well, you name that after Nils loft grant the guitarist.
I never heard of him.
I was going to ask you if you'd heard his name.
He works with them young.
He does now.
Well, I found a, actually what I found out of you, I think he was a guitarist for a, what's his name?
The heart shaped glasses plays the piano.
I think it was with Elton John for a while.
And I'd never heard of him as a guitarist.
And it really surprised me.
It's one of those things character in that book.
I can't think of the name now, but it came back that one of the copy editors were reading and I had called.
And I hit the name one of the writers of hair.
And I had to change that name.
I did not realize that either, but there was no Nils loft grant in there.
It's something that I'd never heard of the man.
Just to your points.
I know Larry Nivens, although the murder mystery on the moon, he's got a character named Naomi Mitchison.
And there's a science fiction writer named Naomi Mitchison and he said, murder group.
That's so, that's subconscious does funny things.
There was a little throwaway line you had in this book that I also wrote down the 50% of the population.
That is not a throwaway line.
But I liked that.
That was not a throwaway line, but has to do with what I feel when every day morning when I shave.
This is a dumb way to start the morning with a razor at your throat.
That's the best line in the book.
I wrote it down.
I like to quote quotes and that was one that impressed me.
The other one that I that I used was that the only universal religious symbol is the collection tray.
Let's send there. Those were both very purposely put in.
But my favorite line in the book is about the razor.
I chuckled one with that one.
Okay, and obvious question and you must be somewhat interested in pyramids and so-called pyramid power.
They seem to be universal symbol kind of attractive.
Not like dinosaurs, but...
No, I'm not.
Just do your research.
What it was is way back when, before it became the craze, some kid came up to my wife and was putting it out and showing her these books and showing her some stuff.
And I started looking then and realized, gee, this is a nice little thing for quacks to play with.
And that's sort of the basis of the book and the pyramidology or whatever they're calling it now came around before the book ever got published.
Most of the stuff was done prior to all the pyramid interest coming out, which surprised me that I guess it didn't.
And it's just, it's ripe for people that are looking for secret answers instead of using their heads.
But that sort of thing makes very interesting science fiction.
It's fun to play with flying saucers are fun to play with.
I don't believe in them.
I believe in alien intelligence.
And I don't believe intelligent beings would be doing all the so forth of things that you see that are so forth.
So called UFO type folks saying they're doing, but it's fun to play with.
You see that some of it.
Okay.
At the end of the book, everybody takes off in the seeker.
Looks to me like if you wanted to, you could continue.
Do you have any plans to book has been written, the book has been sold.
It's called Starwings.
Fawcett bought it.
Fawcett was then sold to Ballantine books.
The book is back in my hands now and we're trying to sell it again.
We got the money for it, but Ballantine didn't want to publish it.
So whether or not the book is ever published is really wild speculation.
I'd like to see it since I published since I wrote it.
Oh, for those who care, it begins 200 years after the ending of the first book and has nothing to do.
But does not involve the characters in the first book.
That does involve another mind merger.
Who is mostly mechanical.
He has been blown away during a new loft, Venice, Cavanaugh war.
And the woman he loves, who is also a psychotic and it is psychotic, despite what the editors changed it to,
has been killed and they have cloned her again.
And it is an 18 year old version of the woman he loves and he's having to work with her.
She was nice and young.
And he falls in love with the new woman as differently, but it involves time travel again, but in a totally different way.
And we do find out about the urn and the seeker and everything, but it does begin 200 years.
Is this going to be your known process in the new writing science fiction?
Are you going to stay in this known process?
No, no, it's just that the fact it wasn't even the original design of the book was not to be a sequel.
The book stands on its own and it just happened to be I had this set of circumstances.
And this other book idea and they tied together.
So why not use it?
And then editor Fawcett said, OK, in fact, she even said, you don't have to do it this way.
The book stands by itself.
I said, well, we've got this and we've got that's why not use them.
So we went ahead and did it as a sequel, which may be the problem in trying to resell the book because most publishers don't like to pick up sequels that were done by another company.
So might be the situation when we get the center back that we can sell them as a package deal.
OK, tell me then about Lone Star's universe and how that got started and how the idea of regional anthropology, et cetera.
Sure insanity.
One day a bunch of us who had just made their first sales were sitting around laughingly saying that one day there's going to be enough writers in Texas that we put out our own anthology and to hell with all these people that will buy our stories.
And as it was, I think that was Howard Waldrop was there.
Stephen Lee, Buddy Saunders, and we're just sitting around joking, putting a fanzine together.
And I guess I was the only person that really sort of took it seriously.
And as it was, Steve and I put a proposal together and sent it first to a man out in Midland, Odessa, whose name escapes me now, but he was doing the Texana type books.
And he came back and liked the idea, but wasn't going to pick it up and suggested we send it to Heidelberg Press in Austin.
And we did and they picked it up.
And by that time, there were enough known writers in Texas and award winners that it really did seem feasible and seem like a good idea.
And got put together.
Sort of interesting.
It makes a lot makes for a lot of jokes, you know, regional science fiction, but our thought was, you know, Texana's in and here's this whole realm that's never been really looked at.
And what's funny is it sparked a lot of other regional science fiction books.
It was the first and everybody chuckled and laughed.
And then there was about five that came out on its heels because it had never been thought of.
And what was funny is that I meet new editors in New York.
They know my name be a lone star universe rather than some of the novels I've done, which is surprising.
But again, New York is surprised by new ideas.
And that's I think the reason it was noticed.
I lived in New York.
And they had the science fiction shop.
They had never heard of it.
I'd seen it in Texas.
I'd seen books.
Okay, that is a problem.
I got a copy of it from Purple Unicorn last summer when I showed it to you.
Oh, you're very surprised.
Then I just saw Scott with about seven on his desk.
So can you put the background on the scarcity and the warehouse quote unquote that's got books?
Can you say that without getting as soon reliable about what's going on?
Well, Heidelberg stopped publishing as best I can tell just about the time they brought out the book.
There were big plans to do posters and everything to go with the book.
You know, full posters of the cover, which the cover is gorgeous.
It's one of those double take covers.
And as was they sort of went out of business about that time.
And far as I know, only a few thousand were distributed and they're still sitting in a warehouse somewhere making scarce item.
Well, it's surprising that you go to conventions, large conventions in and out of state.
And there will always be several people ask me how you get a copy of the book.
It's rare because it was not distributed.
There's apparently tons of the books still around.
You just can't get ahold of them.
It's a nice item to have for a collector.
I'm trying to get paid.
I told David collects hardbacks and said, you better buy a guy.
I didn't get you to sign it and all, but it's one to have.
Is there any chance that you'll ever get the rights back and get a paperback edition out or something like that?
I don't think so because I think it is, you know, it's a limited item to.
Texana.
I really think it has more values, Texana than it does to the science fiction field as a whole.
Those science fiction collectors want it because it is a first.
The stories are good.
I think there's a wide variety of stories.
Science fiction reviews that I saw of it, their complaint was that there was a wide variety of stories in there that it wasn't all nuts and bolts and it wasn't all new way.
But there was everything and that's the whole idea of the book was put to show the diversity of the science fiction writers in this state.
I think it did that well.
I think it produced good stories by everybody that was in there.
Would you ever have any illusions perhaps?
Of course.
There may or may not be.
It depends on, you know, I know one person now who has his editor for a Texas publisher and he is has mentioned in passing that he'd like to get a hold of the first book.
Since it never was really distributed as maybe buy them all out if possible.
Whether or not that'll ever happen is something else.
But yeah, why not?
It was fun.
The people who got it seemed to enjoy it.
And I still think if it could get some sort of distribution, it would be a money making book in Texas.
Just the the the charisma of the state and the the come on chauvinistic attitude of the of Texans, which is equivalent to New York.
We're just larger.
We buy Texana.
Whether we read it or not, we buy it.
And I think there's a market for it.
How did you get and maybe I should parent that why Harlan Ellison to do the full work?
It's when baggy for her.
It was actually good.
Well, Harlan writes and I forwards.
We knew Harlan and we may know qualms about it.
Harlan was better known than we were.
Harlan sells books.
Harlan realized he sold books and he was willing to do it for us.
He's also known to audience outside science fiction.
Many cases people read his works and they do not read any other science fiction.
So, you know, it was a selling point.
Also, Harlan had a lot of connection with people here.
He had a lot of friends here and he wanted to do it.
Whether or not, you know, we would do that something like that.
On a second volume, if there is ever a second volume, I don't know, but why not?
And, you know, and I think it is a drawing point gets people to look at the book.
They've ever had a chance to look at the book.
Why is all of a sudden, why is there a large group of writers in Texas?
This hasn't been, this isn't historical.
They've mostly been on the coast.
Is it just now getting to be a nice place to live, opening up?
No, it's been here for 10 years.
I mean, far as science fiction writers go.
They've always been around.
They've never been noted as Texan before.
I think early 70s to mid 70s, we had a lot of fans who turned professional,
started selling their stories.
They were friends from all over the state.
They suddenly became a very large group that we're selling and we're noticeable.
That this group was here, had made it, gave a lot of other folks who wanted to write incentive to do it.
And you've got a suddenly a whole second wave of Texas writers coming out,
meeting them here for the first time that have just begun to sell their first stories or their first novel.
But you suddenly got a second wave of Texas science fiction writers, which is kind of nice.
Maybe we ought to flip it.
I have one more question.
I want to ask you.
It looks like there's a little bit.
Okay.
I want to ask you, okay, you've also edited the science fiction hall of fame with Arthur C. Clark.
How does it feel to be on the other side of the podium and be an editor in picking shoes?
I think most writers think they're better editors than they are writers.
In that case, with science fiction hall of fame, it wasn't a pick and choose thing.
It was merely the paperwork of taking award winning stories.
They were already chosen.
It was just getting the contracts together and what should have been a three week short work
to drew out to be six months of hard labor of tracking people down.
And in one case, there was one of the writers had died and I had to work through this state.
And it took four contracts before I ever got one returned.
It was the same contract and they swore they were sending them back, but I never got them.
So I said, what should have been a couple of weeks work turned into six, six months of ulcers trying to get the thing together.
Do you recommend that all writers maybe go through that once just to see what it's like?
Oh, definitely. See all the garbage you get to read.
I think you probably have more of a normal editing situation with Lone Star Universe.
I started out getting those stories.
I had a lot of stories submitted that we didn't take.
I was going to do something that I thought editors should do is tell them why you didn't like the story or here's what turned me off.
And one of the first stories, the first line I had written have a story was ambiguous and I showed him why.
And I got back the nastiest letter.
And from that point, I wrote the little sorry, this is not fit our needs.
This isn't worth my time and effort.
So you suddenly realize what you get these terrible rejection slips that have been printed out because I think a lot of people probably react that way.
What what are you going to do?
You're going to keep writing science fiction in the westerns, ghost writing.
Just enjoy what you're doing.
You think you're going to keep it up for a while?
One of the nice things about writing is it allows you the time to do other things that you want.
I've painted a paint a little bit and recently turning to word processing.
I've never played with computer in my life.
I grew up believing you had to be a genius and spend your whole lifetime learning to use one.
It was drug kicking and screaming into the computer store and fell in love and have written my first game for a computer.
And I'm working on a second one.
I'm using them to teach myself to program and I'm finding myself being drawn to that a bit.
Writing allows me the time to play with that.
So yeah, and I'll continue writing and I'll have the shot at going out on any sort of tangents that I want to and playing with that.
I think I'll probably for the time being head for a lot of non science fiction projects.
Things that I've been wanting to write.
I want to do a book called Panels, which is about a science fiction fan.
And talking about the sixties and telling from sort of a different angle.
I think everybody lived through World War two wants to write a World War two book and anybody lived through the sixties wants to write a sixties book.
And I want to do it a bit differently.
And it's going to be told from a point of science fiction fan and blame it all on the Lone Ranger.
Man has a rare book over there.
Thank you.
And didn't mention art once.
No, I was going to talk to you.
But I will get that later.